better-body/readme.md, before:

# [koa][koa-url]-better-body [![NPM version][npmjs-shields]][npmjs-url] [![Build Status][travis-img]][travis-url] [![Dependency Status][depstat-img]][depstat-url]
> A [koa][koa-url] body parser middleware with support for `multipart`, `json` or `urlencoded` request bodies.
Via [formidable][formidable-url] (multipart) and [co-body][cobody-url] (json/urlencoded).


## Install [![Nodei.co stats][npmjs-install]][npmjs-url] 
> Install with [npm](https://npmjs.org)

```
$ npm install koa-better-body
```


## Examples
> For a more comprehensive examples, see [examples](./examples) folder.

- [`examples/multer`](./examples/multer.js) - usage like Express's bodyParser - [multer][multer-url] `npm run examples-multer`
- [`examples/koa-router`](./examples/koa-router.js) - usage with Alex's [koa-router][koa-router-url] `npm run examples-koa-router`


## Options
> However, `koa-better-body` have few custom options, see also [co-body][cobody-url], [raw-body][rawbody-url], [formidable][formidable-url]

- `patchNode` **{Boolean}** Patch request body to Node's `ctx.req` object, default `false`
- `patchKoa` **{Boolean}** Patch request body to Koa's `ctx.request` object, default `true`
- `jsonLimit` **{String|Number}** The byte limit of the JSON body, default `1mb`
- `formLimit` **{String|Number}** The byte limit of the form body, default `56kb`
- `encoding` **{String}** Sets encoding for incoming form fields, default `utf-8`
- `multipart` **{Boolean}** Support `multipart/form-data` request bodies, default `false`
- `formidable` **{Object}** Options that are passing to `formidable`
- `formidable.maxFields` **{Number}** See [formidable-options](./readme.md#formidable-options). our default `10`
- `formidable.multiples` **{Boolean}** See [formidable-options](./readme.md#formidable-options), our default `true`
- `formidable.keepExtensions` **{Boolean}** See [formidable-options](./readme.md#formidable-options), our default `true`
- `return` **{GeneratorFunction}** That you can use with [koa][koa-url] or [co][co-url]


## formidable options
> See [node-formidable][formidable-url] for a full list of options

- `bytesExpected` **{Integer}** The expected number of bytes in this form, default `null`
- `maxFields` **{Integer}** Limits the number of fields that the querystring parser will decode, default `1000`
- `maxFieldsSize` **{Integer}** Limits the amount of memory a field can allocate _in bytes_, default `2mb`
- `uploadDir` **{String}** Sets the directory for placing file uploads in, default `os.tmpDir()`
- `hash` **{String}** If you want checksums calculated for incoming files - `'sha1'` or `'md5'`, default `false`
- `multiples` **{Boolean}** Multiple file uploads or no, default `false`


## Tests
> As usual - `npm test` **or** if you have [mocha][mocha-url] globally - `mocha --harmony-generators`.

```
$ npm test
```


## Authors & Contributors [![author tips][author-gittip-img]][author-gittip]

**Charlike Mike Reagent**
+ [gittip/tunnckoCore][author-gittip]
+ [github/tunnckoCore][author-github]
+ [twitter/tunnckoCore][author-twitter]
+ [npmjs/tunnckoCore][author-npmjs]

**Daryl Lau**
+ [github/dlau][author-dlau-github]
+ [twitter/daryllau][author-dlau-twitter]
+ [npmjs/dlau][author-dlau-npmjs]


## License [![MIT license][license-img]][license-url]
Copyright (c) 2014 [Charlike Mike Reagent][author-website], [Daryl Lau][author-dlau-website], [contributors](https://github.com/tunnckoCore/koa-better-body/graphs/contributors).  
Released under the [`MIT`][license-url] license.



[npmjs-url]: http://npm.im/koa-better-body
[npmjs-shields]: http://img.shields.io/npm/v/koa-better-body.svg
[npmjs-install]: https://nodei.co/npm/koa-better-body.svg?mini=true

[license-url]: https://github.com/tunnckoCore/koa-better-body/blob/master/license.md
[license-img]: http://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg

[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/tunnckoCore/koa-better-body
[travis-img]: https://travis-ci.org/tunnckoCore/koa-better-body.svg?branch=master

[depstat-url]: https://david-dm.org/tunnckoCore/koa-better-body
[depstat-img]: https://david-dm.org/tunnckoCore/koa-better-body.svg

[author-gittip-img]: http://img.shields.io/gittip/tunnckoCore.svg
[author-gittip]: https://www.gittip.com/tunnckoCore
[author-github]: https://github.com/tunnckoCore
[author-twitter]: https://twitter.com/tunnckoCore

[author-website]: http://www.whistle-bg.tk
[author-npmjs]: https://npmjs.org/~tunnckocore

[author-dlau-github]: https://github.com/dlau
[author-dlau-twitter]: https://twitter.com/daryllau
[author-dlau-npmjs]: https://npmjs.org/~dlau
[author-dlau-website]: http://weak.io/

[cobody-url]: https://github.com/visionmedia/co-body
[mocha-url]: https://github.com/visionmedia/mocha
[rawbody-url]: https://github.com/stream-utils/raw-body
[multer-url]: https://github.com/expressjs/multer
[koa-router-url]: https://github.com/alexmingoia/koa-router
[koa-url]: https://github.com/koajs/koa
[formidable-url]: https://github.com/felix
[co-url]: https://github.com/visionmedia/co
[extend-url]: https://github.com/justmoon/node-extend

Commit message:

fix issue with koa-passwport middleware
added options
- `fieldsKey` {String|Boolean} Name of the key for fields in the body object, default `fields`
- `filesKey` {String|Boolean} Name of the key for files in the body object, default `files`

better-body/readme.md, after:

# [koa][koa-url]-better-body [![NPM version][npmjs-shields]][npmjs-url] [![Build Status][travis-img]][travis-url] [![Dependency Status][depstat-img]][depstat-url]
> A [koa][koa-url] body parser middleware with support for `multipart`, `json` or `urlencoded` request bodies.
Via [formidable][formidable-url] (multipart) and [co-body][cobody-url] (json/urlencoded).


## Install [![Nodei.co stats][npmjs-install]][npmjs-url] 
> Install with [npm](https://npmjs.org)

```
$ npm install koa-better-body
```


## Examples
> For a more comprehensive examples, see [examples](./examples) folder.

- [`examples/multer`](./examples/multer.js) - usage like Express's bodyParser - [multer][multer-url] `npm run examples-multer`
- [`examples/koa-router`](./examples/koa-router.js) - usage with Alex's [koa-router][koa-router-url] `npm run examples-koa-router`


## Options
> However, `koa-better-body` have few custom options, see also [co-body][cobody-url], [raw-body][rawbody-url], [formidable][formidable-url]

- `patchNode` **{Boolean}** Patch request body to Node's `ctx.req` object, default `false`
- `patchKoa` **{Boolean}** Patch request body to Koa's `ctx.request` object, default `true`
- `jsonLimit` **{String|Number}** The byte limit of the JSON body, default `1mb`
- `formLimit` **{String|Number}** The byte limit of the form body, default `56kb`
- `encoding` **{String}** Sets encoding for incoming form fields, default `utf-8`
- `multipart` **{Boolean}** Support `multipart/form-data` request bodies, default `false`
- `fieldsKey` **{String|Boolean}** Name of the key for fields in the body object, default `'fields'`
- `filesKey` **{String|Boolean}** Name of the key for files in the body object, default `'files'`
- `formidable` **{Object}** Options that are passing to `formidable`
- `formidable.maxFields` **{Number}** See [formidable-options](./readme.md#formidable-options). our default `10`
- `formidable.multiples` **{Boolean}** See [formidable-options](./readme.md#formidable-options), our default `true`
- `formidable.keepExtensions` **{Boolean}** See [formidable-options](./readme.md#formidable-options), our default `true`
- `return` **{GeneratorFunction}** That you can use with [koa][koa-url] or [co][co-url]


## formidable options
> See [node-formidable][formidable-url] for a full list of options

- `bytesExpected` **{Integer}** The expected number of bytes in this form, default `null`
- `maxFields` **{Integer}** Limits the number of fields that the querystring parser will decode, default `1000`
- `maxFieldsSize` **{Integer}** Limits the amount of memory a field can allocate _in bytes_, default `2mb`
- `uploadDir` **{String}** Sets the directory for placing file uploads in, default `os.tmpDir()`
- `hash` **{String}** If you want checksums calculated for incoming files - `'sha1'` or `'md5'`, default `false`
- `multiples` **{Boolean}** Multiple file uploads or no, default `false`


## Tests
> As usual - `npm test` **or** if you have [mocha][mocha-url] globally - `mocha --harmony-generators`.

```
$ npm test
```


## Authors & Contributors [![author tips][author-gittip-img]][author-gittip]

**Charlike Mike Reagent**
+ [gittip/tunnckoCore][author-gittip]
+ [github/tunnckoCore][author-github]
+ [twitter/tunnckoCore][author-twitter]
+ [npmjs/tunnckoCore][author-npmjs]

**Daryl Lau**
+ [github/dlau][author-dlau-github]
+ [twitter/daryllau][author-dlau-twitter]
+ [npmjs/dlau][author-dlau-npmjs]


## License [![MIT license][license-img]][license-url]
Copyright (c) 2014 [Charlike Mike Reagent][author-website], [Daryl Lau][author-dlau-website], [contributors](https://github.com/tunnckoCore/koa-better-body/graphs/contributors).  
Released under the [`MIT`][license-url] license.



[npmjs-url]: http://npm.im/koa-better-body
[npmjs-shields]: http://img.shields.io/npm/v/koa-better-body.svg
[npmjs-install]: https://nodei.co/npm/koa-better-body.svg?mini=true

[license-url]: https://github.com/tunnckoCore/koa-better-body/blob/master/license.md
[license-img]: http://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg

[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/tunnckoCore/koa-better-body
[travis-img]: https://travis-ci.org/tunnckoCore/koa-better-body.svg?branch=master

[depstat-url]: https://david-dm.org/tunnckoCore/koa-better-body
[depstat-img]: https://david-dm.org/tunnckoCore/koa-better-body.svg

[author-gittip-img]: http://img.shields.io/gittip/tunnckoCore.svg
[author-gittip]: https://www.gittip.com/tunnckoCore
[author-github]: https://github.com/tunnckoCore
[author-twitter]: https://twitter.com/tunnckoCore

[author-website]: http://www.whistle-bg.tk
[author-npmjs]: https://npmjs.org/~tunnckocore

[author-dlau-github]: https://github.com/dlau
[author-dlau-twitter]: https://twitter.com/daryllau
[author-dlau-npmjs]: https://npmjs.org/~dlau
[author-dlau-website]: http://weak.io/

[cobody-url]: https://github.com/visionmedia/co-body
[mocha-url]: https://github.com/visionmedia/mocha
[rawbody-url]: https://github.com/stream-utils/raw-body
[multer-url]: https://github.com/expressjs/multer
[koa-router-url]: https://github.com/alexmingoia/koa-router
[koa-url]: https://github.com/koajs/koa
[formidable-url]: https://github.com/felix
[co-url]: https://github.com/visionmedia/co
[extend-url]: https://github.com/justmoon/node-extend
